# Cat-Accoutrement
   I have always appreciated animals and strive to advocate for their rights. When I was assigned to use a 3D printer to synthesize a creative project fusing biology and art, I wanted to create something that could be of practical use to animals. I have two cats at home who are always playing with objects that don't belong to them and gnawing at the tips of my plants. I thought I would utilize the 3D printer to try to produce some practical solutions to these daily dilemmas my cats and I face.     My first endeavor on this project involved modeling some miniature garden beds designed to grow herbs and other plants enjoyable to cats in a format that is more available to them and meant only for them. I designed two prototypes and printed them out much smaller than the desired size to test the compatibility of the design with the 3D printer. I modeled one rectangular garden bed with four sectioned off spaces for soil and one heart-shaped garden bed divided down the middle to provide two separate spaces for soil. Translating the file type of the original design somehow lead to an inversion of the divider in the rectangular bed, however, this designing error is easily fixed by re-plotting the model in the needed file type, to begin with.  My second endeavor in this project will involve modeling a 3D printed, small mouse-shaped toy with wheels on the bottom so cats can chase around what looks like a live mouse. 


https://github.com/sophiaisabelma/Cat-Accoutrement/blob/master/Mini%20herb%20gardens.skp
